Removed option firewall_names (#1864)
hwi/HWIOAuthBundle: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========
## 2.0.0-BETA2 (202x-xx-xx)

> * Removed configuration parameter `firewall_names`. Firewalls are computed automatically - all firewalls that have defined `oauth` authenticator/provider will be collected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated: configuration parameter `firewall_names`, firewalls are now computed automatically - all firewalls that have defined `oauth` authenticator/provider will be collected. 
```

Author: 👍  thx
